fctix5 packages and module update (#417815)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2511.section.md

- `renovate` was updated to v41. See the upstream release notes for [v40](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/releases/tag/40.0.0) and [v41](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/releases/tag/41.0.0) for breaking changes.

- `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5.plasma6Support` is deprecated because qt6 is the only one used for fcitx5-configtool now.

> - `renovate` was updated to v40. See the [upstream release notes](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/releases/tag/40.0.0) for breaking changes.

Reviewer: Resolving coflict wrongly?

- `renovate` was updated to v41. See the upstream release notes for [v40](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/releases/tag/40.0.0) and [v41](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/releases/tag/41.0.0) for breaking changes.

> - `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5.plasma6Support` is deprecated because qt6 is the only one used for fcitx5-configtool now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `i18n.inputMethod.fcitx5.plasma6Support` has been removed because qt6 is the only one used for fcitx5-configtool now.
```
